---
layout: single
title: "Resume/CV"
date: 2017-04-10
categories: Resume
comments: false
permalink: /resume
author_profile: true
---

## Contacts

Please refer to the left.

## Summary

* I'm a **PhD candidate** focusing on **Reinforcement Learning** in EECS, **Peking University**.
* My GPA is ranked **No.1** in Computer Science (Honors College) at BJUT, and I am a **winner of National Scholarship**.
* I did **one-year internship** in **Microsoft Research Asia** doing research project on big data analysis and was awarded the **Star of Tomorrow** title.
* I'm fluent in **English** (TOEFL 105, GRE 321+4) and **Japanese** (N1 125).
* I'm an **ACM-ICPC silver medal winner** of **EC-Final round** in China.

## Education

### **PhD Candidate, Peking University**, 2016 - Now
* EECS, I'm doing research on Deep Reinforcement Learning here.

### **Bachelor, Beijing University of Technology**, 2012 - 2016
* Computer Science (Honors College)
* GPA: 3.9/4.0，Rank: 1/44.


## Internship

### Microsoft Research Asia, 2015.8 - 2016.7
* Full time intern at Software Analytics Group

I acted as a researcher, developer and manager for project "BigIn4", the backend of [Quick Insights](https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/powerbi-service-auto-insights/) feature in Microsoft Power BI. My research aimed to achieve interactive insight mining and query processing on massive data. The project has been successfully demonstrated on Microsoft TAB meeting and TechFest.
    
What I have done:

* Proposed a new algorithm for interactive approximate query processing on big data.
* Designed the architecture for the algorithm module. 
* Developed and tested the algorithm module and several new platform features.
* Deployed the platform to productive cluster and analyzed a couple of actual datasets.
* Refactored the project architecture; Completed documents and comments for the project.
* Manage the progress for the project and help new interns onboard.
    
I was awarded "Star of Tomorrow" title at the end of internship for excellent performance.

## Awards
* Silver Medal Winner of EC-Final Round of ACM-ICPC contest
* Global Rank 18 and China Rank 2 in IEEExtreme Programming Contest
* Meritorious Winner of MCM
* Winner of IBM Scholarship and National Scholarship
* Codeforces Rating: 1727

## Projects

### [Assignments for CS231N: ConvNets for Visual Recognization](https://github.com/DarkForte/CS231N)

I completed all three assignments for Stanford CS231N course.

### [Bomber Man Online](https://github.com/DarkForte/BomberManOnline) 

This is an four player realtime online game based on Win32+Direct2D. I designed the architecture and the game core.

### [Remote Controller for the Cleaning Robot](https://github.com/DarkForte/RemoteApp)

The project is an Android app for a cleaning robot with 2D indoor map generating and self-navigating features. The app can control the robot and display the map generated by it via Wi-Fi connection.

### [Five-level Pipelined MIPS Mini Processor Based on Verilog](https://github.com/DarkForte/MIPS-50_Instructions_Pipelined_CPU)

A Mini CPU that supports common instructions and interruptions, and can be downloaded to FPGA to run some simple assembly code.

### [Thread Scheduling Part of Operating System Experiment "Pintos" from Stanford](https://github.com/DarkForte/pintos)

In this project we completed the thread scheduling part for a mini Linux. I read the document, completed the priority scheduling part and designed the algorithm for priority donation.